update witness class in springmvc-annotation-5.x-plugin (#571)
apache/skywalking-java: CHANGES.md

* Implement new naming policies for names of auxiliary type, interceptor delegate field, renamed origin method, method
  access name, method cache value field. All names are under `sw$` name trait. They are predictable and unchanged after
  re-transform.

> * Update witness class in springmvc-annotation-5.x-plugin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fix witness class in springmvc-annotation-5.x-plugin to avoid falling into v3 use cases.
```
